content/anime.md, before:

+++
title = "📺 Anime List"
date = 2022-03-17
updated = 2023-10-06
description = "Port19's selfhosted anime list"
+++

## Favorites

### Movies

1. Josee, the Tiger and the Fish
2. A Silent Voice
3. Perfect Blue
4. 5 Centimeters per Second
5. The Garden of Words

### TV

1. FLCL Alternative
2. Serial Experiments Lain
3. Highschool of the Dead
4. Tsukigakirei
5. Girls Last Tour

## Watching

| Title          | Progress | Format |
|----------------|----------|--------|

## Planning

| Title                                 | Format |
|---------------------------------------|--------|
| A Place Further Than The Universe     | TV     |
| Mushoku Tensei: Jobless Reincarnation | TV     |
| Welcome to the N.H.K.                 | TV     |
| K-On!!                                | TV     |

## Completed

| Title                                           | Score | Length | Format  |
|-------------------------------------------------|-------|--------|---------|
| 5 Centimeters per Second                        | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| A Silent Voice                                  | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| After The Rain                                  | 5     | 12     | TV      |
| FLCL Alternative                                | 5     | 6      | TV      |
| Girls Last Tour                                 | 5     | 12     | TV      |
| Highschool of the Dead                          | 5     | 12     | TV      |
| Into the Forest of Fireflies Light              | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| Is this a Zombie?                               | 5     | 12     | TV      |
| Josee, the Tiger and the Fish                   | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| K-On!                                           | 5     | 13     | TV      |
| K-On! Movie                                     | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| ODDTAXI                                         | 5     | 13     | TV      |
| Paranoia Agent                                  | 5     | 13     | TV      |
| Perfect Blue                                    | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| The Garden of Words                             | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| The Night is Short, Walk on Girl                | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| Toradora!                                       | 5     | 25     | TV      |
| Tsukigakirei                                    | 5     | 12     | TV      |
| Say "I Love You".                               | 5     | 13     | TV      |
| Scum's Wish                                     | 5     | 12     | TV      |
| Weathering With You                             | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
|                                                 |       |        |         |
| AJIN: Demi-Human                                | 4     | 13     | TV      |
| Akira                                           | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Asobi Asobase                                   | 4     | 12     | TV      |
| Bakemonogatari                                  | 4     | 15     | TV      |
| Cowboy Bebop - Knockin' On Heaven's Door        | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Death Note                                      | 4     | 37     | TV      |
| Death Parade                                    | 4     | 12     | TV      |
| Demon Slayer - Swordsmith Village Arc           | 4     | 11     | TV      |
| Eroge! H mo Game mo Kaihatsu Zanmai             | 4     | 6      | OVA     |
| Flavors of Youth                                | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| FLCL                                            | 4     | 6      | OVA     |
| FLCL Progressive                                | 4     | 6      | TV      |
| Gantz                                           | 4     | 13     | TV      |
| Ghost in the Shell                              | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Grave of the Fireflies                          | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Himouto! Umaru-chan                             | 4     | 12     | TV      |
| Kiss x Sis                                      | 4     | 12     | OVA     |
| Konosuba                                        | 4     | 10     | TV      |
| Konosuba 2                                      | 4     | 10     | TV      |
| Neon Genisis Evangelion - The End of Evangelion | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| PUPARIA                                         | 4     | 1      | ONA     |
| Spirited Away                                   | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Summer Ghost                                    | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Tekkonkinkreet                                  | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| The Girl Who Leapt Through Time                 | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Tokyo Godfathers                                | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Toradora!: Bento Battle                         | 4     | 1      | OVA     |
| Your Name.                                      | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
|                                                 |       |        |         |
| BLEND-S                                         | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Gabriel Dropout                                 | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Children of the Sea                             | 3     | 1      | Movie   |
| Cowboy Bebop                                    | 3     | 26     | TV      |
| Demon Slayer Infinity Train                     | 3     | 1      | Movie   |
| Divine Gate                                     | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Elfen Lied                                      | 3     | 13     | TV      |
| GANGSTA.                                        | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash                      | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Gunslinger Girl                                 | 3     | 13     | TV      |
| Haibaane Renmei                                 | 3     | 13     | TV      |
| HELLO WORLD                                     | 3     | 1      | Movie   |
| High School of the Dead: Drifters of the Dead   | 3     | 1      | OVA     |
| Himouto! Umaru-chan R                           | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Himouto! Umaru-chanS                            | 3     | 12     | Special |
| Is the Order a Rabbit?                          | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Last Exile                                      | 3     | 26     | TV      |
| Neon Genesis Evangelion                         | 3     | 26     | TV      |
| One-Punch Man                                   | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| The Pet Girl of Sakurasou                       | 3     | 24     | TV      |
| The Tatami Galaxy                               | 3     | 11     | TV      |
| Tsubasa RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE                     | 3     | 26     | TV      |
| Wolf Children                                   | 3     | 1      | Movie   |
|                                                 |       |        |         |
| Attack on Titan                                 | 2     | 25     | TV      |
| Attack on Titan Season 2                        | 2     | 12     | TV      |
| Demon Slayer                                    | 2     | 26     | TV      |
| Demon Slayer Entertainment District Arc         | 2     | 11     | TV      |
| HELLSING                                        | 2     | 13     | TV      |
| High School DxD                                 | 2     | 12     | TV      |
| Ikkitousen: Dragon Destiny                      | 2     | 12     | TV      |
| Ikkitousen: Great Guardians                     | 2     | 12     | TV      |
| Ikkitousen: Xtreme Xecutor                      | 2     | 12     | TV      |
|                                                 |       |        |         |
| Aesthetica of a Rogue Hero                      | 1     | 12     | TV      |
| Battle Vixens: Ikki Tousen                      | 1     | 13     | TV      |
| GOLDEN BOY                                      | 1     | 6      | OVA     |
| PSYCHO-PASS                                     | 1     | 22     | TV      |
| Sword Art Online                                | 1     | 25     | TV      |
| The Future Diary                                | 1     | 26     | TV      |

## Dropped/Paused

| Title                               | Score | Progress | Format  |
|-------------------------------------|-------|----------|---------|
| Nichijou - My Ordinary Life         | 4     | 17/26    | TV      |
| Durarara                            | 3     | 13/24    | TV      |
| One Piece                           | 3     | 30/>1000 | TV      |
| Sonny Boy                           | 2     | 8/12     | TV      |
| Toradora! SOS! Hurray for Gourmands | 2     | 2/4      | Special |
| Dorei-ku The Animation              | 1     | 6/12     | TV      |
| Food Wars! Shokugeki no Soma        | 1     | 2/24     | TV      |

## Sourcing

- Use [nyaa](https://nyaa.si/), sort by seeders and then pick a release that looks good
- To watch torrented anime with a friend I recommend peer to peer file transfer via syncthing and then using syncplay for viewing
- If you don't have a vpn, try [ani-cli](https://github.com/pystardust/ani-cli), it has syncplay support
- Avoid using a web browser to watch anime. It's highly cringe

Commit message:

anime: fill up that watchlist again
Co-authored-by: woolw <woolw@pm.me>

content/anime.md, after:

+++
title = "📺 Anime List"
date = 2022-03-17
updated = 2023-10-06
description = "Port19's selfhosted anime list"
+++

## Favorites

### Movies

1. Josee, the Tiger and the Fish
2. A Silent Voice
3. Perfect Blue
4. 5 Centimeters per Second
5. The Garden of Words

### TV

1. FLCL Alternative
2. Serial Experiments Lain
3. Highschool of the Dead
4. Tsukigakirei
5. Girls Last Tour

## Watching

| Title                                 | Progress | Format |
|---------------------------------------|----------|--------|
| Mushoku Tensei: Jobless Reincarnation | 0/11     | TV     |

## Planning

| Title                                   | Format |
|-----------------------------------------|--------|
| 91 Days                                 | TV     |
| A Place Further Than The Universe       | TV     |
| Baccano!                                | TV     |
| Blast of Tempest                        | TV     |
| Code Geass: Lelouch of the Rebellion    | TV     |
| Fate/Zero                               | TV     |
| Hamatora THE ANIMATION                  | TV     |
| Maquia: When the Promised Flower Blooms | Moive  |
| Mob Psycho 100                          | TV     |
| Nanbaka                                 | TV     |
| No Game No Life                         | TV     |
| Orange                                  | TV     |
| Suzume                                  | Movie  |
| That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime | TV     |
| Welcome to the N.H.K.                   | TV     |
| K-On!!                                  | TV     |

## Completed

| Title                                           | Score | Length | Format  |
|-------------------------------------------------|-------|--------|---------|
| 5 Centimeters per Second                        | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| A Silent Voice                                  | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| After The Rain                                  | 5     | 12     | TV      |
| FLCL Alternative                                | 5     | 6      | TV      |
| Girls Last Tour                                 | 5     | 12     | TV      |
| Highschool of the Dead                          | 5     | 12     | TV      |
| Into the Forest of Fireflies Light              | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| Is this a Zombie?                               | 5     | 12     | TV      |
| Josee, the Tiger and the Fish                   | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| K-On!                                           | 5     | 13     | TV      |
| K-On! Movie                                     | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| ODDTAXI                                         | 5     | 13     | TV      |
| Paranoia Agent                                  | 5     | 13     | TV      |
| Perfect Blue                                    | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| The Garden of Words                             | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| The Night is Short, Walk on Girl                | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
| Toradora!                                       | 5     | 25     | TV      |
| Tsukigakirei                                    | 5     | 12     | TV      |
| Say "I Love You".                               | 5     | 13     | TV      |
| Scum's Wish                                     | 5     | 12     | TV      |
| Weathering With You                             | 5     | 1      | Movie   |
|                                                 |       |        |         |
| AJIN: Demi-Human                                | 4     | 13     | TV      |
| Akira                                           | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Asobi Asobase                                   | 4     | 12     | TV      |
| Bakemonogatari                                  | 4     | 15     | TV      |
| Cowboy Bebop - Knockin' On Heaven's Door        | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Death Note                                      | 4     | 37     | TV      |
| Death Parade                                    | 4     | 12     | TV      |
| Demon Slayer - Swordsmith Village Arc           | 4     | 11     | TV      |
| Eroge! H mo Game mo Kaihatsu Zanmai             | 4     | 6      | OVA     |
| Flavors of Youth                                | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| FLCL                                            | 4     | 6      | OVA     |
| FLCL Progressive                                | 4     | 6      | TV      |
| Gantz                                           | 4     | 13     | TV      |
| Ghost in the Shell                              | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Grave of the Fireflies                          | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Himouto! Umaru-chan                             | 4     | 12     | TV      |
| Kiss x Sis                                      | 4     | 12     | OVA     |
| Konosuba                                        | 4     | 10     | TV      |
| Konosuba 2                                      | 4     | 10     | TV      |
| Neon Genisis Evangelion - The End of Evangelion | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| PUPARIA                                         | 4     | 1      | ONA     |
| Spirited Away                                   | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Summer Ghost                                    | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Tekkonkinkreet                                  | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| The Girl Who Leapt Through Time                 | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Tokyo Godfathers                                | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
| Toradora!: Bento Battle                         | 4     | 1      | OVA     |
| Your Name.                                      | 4     | 1      | Movie   |
|                                                 |       |        |         |
| BLEND-S                                         | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Gabriel Dropout                                 | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Children of the Sea                             | 3     | 1      | Movie   |
| Cowboy Bebop                                    | 3     | 26     | TV      |
| Demon Slayer Infinity Train                     | 3     | 1      | Movie   |
| Divine Gate                                     | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Elfen Lied                                      | 3     | 13     | TV      |
| GANGSTA.                                        | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash                      | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Gunslinger Girl                                 | 3     | 13     | TV      |
| Haibaane Renmei                                 | 3     | 13     | TV      |
| HELLO WORLD                                     | 3     | 1      | Movie   |
| High School of the Dead: Drifters of the Dead   | 3     | 1      | OVA     |
| Himouto! Umaru-chan R                           | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Himouto! Umaru-chanS                            | 3     | 12     | Special |
| Is the Order a Rabbit?                          | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| Last Exile                                      | 3     | 26     | TV      |
| Neon Genesis Evangelion                         | 3     | 26     | TV      |
| One-Punch Man                                   | 3     | 12     | TV      |
| The Pet Girl of Sakurasou                       | 3     | 24     | TV      |
| The Tatami Galaxy                               | 3     | 11     | TV      |
| Tsubasa RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE                     | 3     | 26     | TV      |
| Wolf Children                                   | 3     | 1      | Movie   |
|                                                 |       |        |         |
| Attack on Titan                                 | 2     | 25     | TV      |
| Attack on Titan Season 2                        | 2     | 12     | TV      |
| Demon Slayer                                    | 2     | 26     | TV      |
| Demon Slayer Entertainment District Arc         | 2     | 11     | TV      |
| HELLSING                                        | 2     | 13     | TV      |
| High School DxD                                 | 2     | 12     | TV      |
| Ikkitousen: Dragon Destiny                      | 2     | 12     | TV      |
| Ikkitousen: Great Guardians                     | 2     | 12     | TV      |
| Ikkitousen: Xtreme Xecutor                      | 2     | 12     | TV      |
|                                                 |       |        |         |
| Aesthetica of a Rogue Hero                      | 1     | 12     | TV      |
| Battle Vixens: Ikki Tousen                      | 1     | 13     | TV      |
| GOLDEN BOY                                      | 1     | 6      | OVA     |
| PSYCHO-PASS                                     | 1     | 22     | TV      |
| Sword Art Online                                | 1     | 25     | TV      |
| The Future Diary                                | 1     | 26     | TV      |

## Dropped/Paused

| Title                               | Score | Progress | Format  |
|-------------------------------------|-------|----------|---------|
| Nichijou - My Ordinary Life         | 4     | 17/26    | TV      |
| Durarara                            | 3     | 13/24    | TV      |
| One Piece                           | 3     | 30/>1000 | TV      |
| Sonny Boy                           | 2     | 8/12     | TV      |
| Toradora! SOS! Hurray for Gourmands | 2     | 2/4      | Special |
| Dorei-ku The Animation              | 1     | 6/12     | TV      |
| Food Wars! Shokugeki no Soma        | 1     | 2/24     | TV      |

## Sourcing

- Use [nyaa](https://nyaa.si/), sort by seeders and then pick a release that looks good
- To watch torrented anime with a friend I recommend peer to peer file transfer via syncthing and then using syncplay for viewing
- If you don't have a vpn, try [ani-cli](https://github.com/pystardust/ani-cli), it has syncplay support
- Avoid using a web browser to watch anime. It's highly cringe
