content/bible-study.md, before:

+++
title = "✝️ Bible Study ✝️ "
date = 2025-06-03
updated = 2025-09-03
description = "Tracking Bible Reading Progress"
+++

Yes, I'm christian. Roman Catholic to be percise.

My Bible is the revised [Einheitsübersetzung](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Einheits%C3%BCbersetzung), a german translation used in the liturgy of the catholic church, and the most widespread in germany.
It's the [2025 year edition](https://shop.die-bibel.de/Einheitsuebersetzung-Jahresedition-2025/1296), that only affects the cover art of course, they don't retranslate the bible every year.

For US shoppers I recommend [the catholic company](https://www.catholiccompany.com/),
from where I bought my [rosary](https://www.catholiccompany.com/blue-floral-ceramic-stretch-rosary-bracelet-i129114/) and my [crucifix chain](https://www.catholiccompany.com/traditional-crucifix-w-chain-i36361/)

<details>
<summary>Picture of my Bible, Rosary & Chain
</summary>
<img src="/catholicstuff.jpg" height="800vw">
</details>

## Completed

| Book                   | Chapters | Date Completed |
|------------------------|----------|----------------|
| Ecclesiastes           |       12 |     26.02.2025 |
| The Gospel of John     |       21 |     20.04.2025 |
| The Gospel of Luke     |       24 |     12.05.2025 |
| Romans                 |       16 |     25.05.2025 |
| Song of Songs          |        8 |     26.05.2025 |
| Proverbs               |       31 |     18.06.2025 |
| 1 John                 |        5 |     19.06.2025 |
| 2 John                 |        1 |     19.06.2025 |
| 3 John                 |        1 |     19.06.2025 |
| 1 Peter                |        5 |     20.06.2025 |
| 2 Peter                |        3 |     20.06.2025 |
| James                  |        5 |     22.06.2025 |
| Jude                   |        1 |     22.06.2025 |
| Philemon               |        1 |     23.06.2025 |
| The Gospel of Mark     |       16 |     30.06.2025 |
| The Gospel of Matthew  |       28 |     29.07.2025 |
| Acts                   |       28 |     03.09.2025 |

## Guides & Resources

- [Bible Reading Order](https://youtu.be/iq6dn3Z9--g)
- [How to Pray the Rosary](https://youtu.be/iMQ_CRYWHME), [(German)](http://www.kirchenweb.at/rosenkranz/)
- [Christian Denominations Overview](https://youtu.be/tzLS4O7YaUg)
- [Chaplet of St. Michael the Archangel](https://chapletofsaintmichael.com/), [(German)](https://chapletofsaintmichael.com/german)
- [Church Fathers](https://www.newadvent.org/fathers/)
- [Catena Aurea](https://www.ecatholic2000.com/catena/)

Commit message:

bible: bump devotional stack and the picture of it

content/bible-study.md, after:

+++
title = "✝️ Bible Study ✝️ "
date = 2025-06-03
updated = 2025-09-04
description = "Tracking Bible Reading Progress"
+++

Yes, I'm christian. Roman Catholic to be percise.

My Bible is the revised [Einheitsübersetzung](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Einheits%C3%BCbersetzung), a german translation used in the liturgy of the catholic church, and the most widespread in germany.
It's a [large leather edition.](https://www.bibelwerk.shop/produkte/die-bibel-44020)

For US shoppers I recommend [the catholic company](https://www.catholiccompany.com/),
from where I bought my [rosary](https://www.catholiccompany.com/blue-floral-ceramic-stretch-rosary-bracelet-i129114/) and my [crucifix chain](https://www.catholiccompany.com/traditional-crucifix-w-chain-i36361/). I later added a [St Michaels medal.](https://www.marienfiguren.de/medaille-erzengel-michael-schutzengel-a-sk12140.html)

From [TAN Books](https://tanbooks.com/) I have two spiritual books that are enough to last a lifetime:\
[St Alphonsus Ligouri: 12 Steps to Holiness and Salvation](https://tanbooks.com/products/books/the-12-steps-to-holiness-and-salvation-deluxe-leatherette/),
[(goodreads)](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1093642.The_12_Steps_to_Holiness_and_Salvation)\
[St Luis de Montfort: The Secret of the Rosary](https://tanbooks.com/products/books/the-secret-of-the-rosary-deluxe-leatherette/), 
[(goodreads)](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1448527.The_Secret_Of_The_Rosary)

For travel, I also have a german [pocket edition of the gospels.](https://www.bibelwerk.shop/produkte/die-evangelien-44058)

<details>
<summary>Picture of it all
</summary>
<img src="/catholicstuff2.jpg" height="800vw">
</details>

## Completed

| Book                   | Chapters | Date Completed |
|------------------------|----------|----------------|
| Ecclesiastes           |       12 |     26.02.2025 |
| The Gospel of John     |       21 |     20.04.2025 |
| The Gospel of Luke     |       24 |     12.05.2025 |
| Romans                 |       16 |     25.05.2025 |
| Song of Songs          |        8 |     26.05.2025 |
| Proverbs               |       31 |     18.06.2025 |
| 1 John                 |        5 |     19.06.2025 |
| 2 John                 |        1 |     19.06.2025 |
| 3 John                 |        1 |     19.06.2025 |
| 1 Peter                |        5 |     20.06.2025 |
| 2 Peter                |        3 |     20.06.2025 |
| James                  |        5 |     22.06.2025 |
| Jude                   |        1 |     22.06.2025 |
| Philemon               |        1 |     23.06.2025 |
| The Gospel of Mark     |       16 |     30.06.2025 |
| The Gospel of Matthew  |       28 |     29.07.2025 |
| Acts                   |       28 |     03.09.2025 |

## Guides & Resources

- [Bible Reading Order](https://youtu.be/iq6dn3Z9--g)
- [How to Pray the Rosary](https://youtu.be/iMQ_CRYWHME), [(German)](http://www.kirchenweb.at/rosenkranz/)
- [Christian Denominations Overview](https://youtu.be/tzLS4O7YaUg)
- [Chaplet of St. Michael the Archangel](https://chapletofsaintmichael.com/), [(German)](https://chapletofsaintmichael.com/german)
- [Church Fathers](https://www.newadvent.org/fathers/)
- [Catena Aurea](https://www.ecatholic2000.com/catena/)
