content/retro-games.md, before:

+++
title = "🌸Retro Games🌸"
date = 2024-04-17
updated = 2025-07-09
description = "action-adventure > rpg"
+++

*also check my [anime list](https://port19.xyz/anime)*

## Playing

<img src="/retrocovers/chrono-trigger.jpg">

## Completed

Borders:
<i style="color: silver">• best on system</i>
<i style="color: gold">• played through twice</i>
<!-- NA Relese Dates: SNES 1991, PSX 1995, N64 1996, PS2 2000, GBA 2001, GC 2001-->

<img src="/retrocovers/metroid-prime.jpg" style="box-shadow: 0 0 0 3px silver;">
<br>
<img src="/retrocovers/metroid-fusion.jpg">
<img src="/retrocovers/castlevania-aria-of-sorrow.jpg" style="box-shadow: 0 0 0 3px silver;">
<img src="/retrocovers/metroid-zero-mission.jpg">
<br>
<img src="/retrocovers/drill-dozer.jpg">
<img src="/retrocovers/pokemon-leafgreen.jpg">
<img src="/retrocovers/final-fantasy-1-2.jpg" title="only 1, 2 sucks">
<br>
<img src="/retrocovers/castlevania-chronicles.jpg" title="with save states, do not recommend">
<img src="/retrocovers/castlevania-symphony-of-the-night.jpg" style="box-shadow: 0 0 0 3px gold;">
<img src="/retrocovers/silent-hill.jpg">
<br>
<img src="/retrocovers/super-mario-64.jpg" style="box-shadow: 0 0 0 3px silver;">
<img src="/retrocovers/star-fox-64.jpg" title="only easy route tho">
<img src="/retrocovers/paper-mario.jpg">
<br>
<img src="/retrocovers/super-mario-rpg.jpg">
<img src="/retrocovers/super-mario-kart.jpg" title="fuck that special cup! everything else gold!">
<img src="/retrocovers/super-mario-all-stars.jpg" title="only 1 so far">
<br>
<img src="/retrocovers/super-metroid.jpg" title="played twice, back to back" style="box-shadow: 0 0 0 3px gold;">
<img src="/retrocovers/earthbound.jpg">
<img src="/retrocovers/tetris-attack.jpg">
<img src="/retrocovers/kirby-super-star.jpg" style="box-shadow: 0 0 0 3px gold;">
<!-- NES sucks, but I played bubble bobble, tetris and kirbys adventure on it. Covers suck too, so I'm not including them-->

## Sourcing & Emulation

Pick games for one of the top100 lists on gamefaqs:
[SNES](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/916396-super-nintendo/76022917),
[N64](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/916387-nintendo-64/78772770),
[PSX](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/916392-playstation/79518173),
[PS2](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/915821-playstation-2/79518850),
[GC](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/915781-gamecube/79516002),
[GBA](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/916598-game-boy-advance/66659387),
I tend to stick to the top 20, with some franchise / genre specific exceptions. \
[Metacritic](https://www.metacritic.com/) is a decent fallback for finding good games.\
Also consider using [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/) for this. The keyword heavy crossword puzzle that is game recommendations plays exactly into the strengths of large language models.

[Romsfun](https://romsfun.com/) is currently the best site for sourcing roms period.

I use [Batocera Linux](https://batocera.org/) as the OS for all my retro gaming needs.

## PC

Since the beginning of 2024 I have largely dropped PC gaming in favour of retro games.
However in the ~5 years before that I played a fair bit of PC, and as such my favourites deserve their fair mention on my site.
The following 6 are games I can wholeheartedly recommend.
They are well described and tagged on steam, you'll definitely know if you like them within the 2 hour steam return window.

<a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/49520/Borderlands_2/"><img src="/retrocovers/pc/borderlands2.jpg"></a>
<a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/200510/XCOM_Enemy_Unknown/"><img src="/retrocovers/pc/xcom-enemy-unknown.jpg"></a>
<a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/7670/BioShock/"><img src="/retrocovers/pc/bioshock.jpg"></a>
<br>
<a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/311690/Enter_the_Gungeon/"><img src="/retrocovers/pc/enter-the-gungeon.jpg">
<a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/1868140/DAVE_THE_DIVER/"><img src="/retrocovers/pc/dave-the-diver.jpg"></a>
<a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/460950/Katana_ZERO/"><img src="/retrocovers/pc/katana-zero.jpg"></a>

Commit message:

retro: rewrite sourcing & emulation and add separate curation section

content/retro-games.md, after:

+++
title = "🌸Retro Games🌸"
date = 2024-04-17
updated = 2025-07-12
description = "action-adventure > rpg"
+++

*also check my [anime list](https://port19.xyz/anime)*

## Playing

<img src="/retrocovers/chrono-trigger.jpg">

## Completed

Borders:
<i style="color: silver">• best on system</i>
<i style="color: gold">• played through twice</i>
<!-- NA Relese Dates: SNES 1991, PSX 1995, N64 1996, PS2 2000, GBA 2001, GC 2001-->

<img src="/retrocovers/metroid-prime.jpg" style="box-shadow: 0 0 0 3px silver;">
<br>
<img src="/retrocovers/metroid-fusion.jpg">
<img src="/retrocovers/castlevania-aria-of-sorrow.jpg" style="box-shadow: 0 0 0 3px silver;">
<img src="/retrocovers/metroid-zero-mission.jpg">
<br>
<img src="/retrocovers/drill-dozer.jpg">
<img src="/retrocovers/pokemon-leafgreen.jpg">
<img src="/retrocovers/final-fantasy-1-2.jpg" title="only 1, 2 sucks">
<br>
<img src="/retrocovers/castlevania-chronicles.jpg" title="with save states, do not recommend">
<img src="/retrocovers/castlevania-symphony-of-the-night.jpg" style="box-shadow: 0 0 0 3px gold;">
<img src="/retrocovers/silent-hill.jpg">
<br>
<img src="/retrocovers/super-mario-64.jpg" style="box-shadow: 0 0 0 3px silver;">
<img src="/retrocovers/star-fox-64.jpg" title="only easy route tho">
<img src="/retrocovers/paper-mario.jpg">
<br>
<img src="/retrocovers/super-mario-rpg.jpg">
<img src="/retrocovers/super-mario-kart.jpg" title="fuck that special cup! everything else gold!">
<img src="/retrocovers/super-mario-all-stars.jpg" title="only 1 so far">
<br>
<img src="/retrocovers/super-metroid.jpg" title="played twice, back to back" style="box-shadow: 0 0 0 3px gold;">
<img src="/retrocovers/earthbound.jpg">
<img src="/retrocovers/tetris-attack.jpg">
<img src="/retrocovers/kirby-super-star.jpg" style="box-shadow: 0 0 0 3px gold;">
<!-- NES sucks, but I played bubble bobble, tetris and kirbys adventure on it. Covers suck too, so I'm not including them-->

## Curation

Retroachievements (Action Bias):
[SNES](https://retroachievements.org/system/3-snes-super-famicom/games?sort=-playersTotal&page%5Bsize%5D=50&filter%5Bsubsets%5D=only-games&filter%5Bgame-type%5D=retail),
[N64](https://retroachievements.org/system/2-nintendo-64/games?sort=-playersTotal&filter%5Bsubsets%5D=only-games&filter%5Bgame-type%5D=retail&page%5Bsize%5D=50),
[PSX](https://retroachievements.org/system/12-playstation/games?sort=-playersTotal&filter%5Bsubsets%5D=only-games&filter%5Bgame-type%5D=retail&page%5Bsize%5D=50),
[PS2](https://retroachievements.org/system/21-playstation-2/games?sort=-playersTotal&filter%5Bsubsets%5D=only-games&filter%5Bgame-type%5D=retail&page%5Bsize%5D=50),
[GC](https://retroachievements.org/system/16-gamecube/games?sort=-playersTotal&filter%5Bgame-type%5D=retail&filter%5Bsubsets%5D=only-games&page%5Bsize%5D=50),
[GBA](https://retroachievements.org/system/5-game-boy-advance/games?sort=-playersTotal&filter%5Bsubsets%5D=only-games&filter%5Bgame-type%5D=retail&page%5Bsize%5D=50)

Gamefaqs (RPG Bias):
[SNES](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/916396-super-nintendo/76022917),
[N64](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/916387-nintendo-64/78772770),
[PSX](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/916392-playstation/79518173),
[PS2](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/915821-playstation-2/79518850),
[GC](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/915781-gamecube/79516002),
[GBA](https://gamefaqs.gamespot.com/boards/916598-game-boy-advance/66659387)

## Sourcing & Emulation

[Myrient](https://myrient.erista.me/) is good for curated nointro and redump romsets.\
[Romsfun](https://romsfun.com/) is my current fallback site.

I use [Batocera Linux](https://batocera.org/) as the OS for all my retro gaming needs.\
My Gamepad is a black [8bitdo pro 2](https://www.8bitdo.com/pro2/)

## PC

Since the beginning of 2024 I have largely dropped PC gaming in favour of retro games.
However in the ~5 years before that I played a fair bit of PC, and as such my favourites deserve their fair mention on my site.
The following 6 are games I can wholeheartedly recommend.
They are well described and tagged on steam, you'll definitely know if you like them within the 2 hour steam return window.

<a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/49520/Borderlands_2/"><img src="/retrocovers/pc/borderlands2.jpg"></a>
<a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/200510/XCOM_Enemy_Unknown/"><img src="/retrocovers/pc/xcom-enemy-unknown.jpg"></a>
<a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/7670/BioShock/"><img src="/retrocovers/pc/bioshock.jpg"></a>
<br>
<a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/311690/Enter_the_Gungeon/"><img src="/retrocovers/pc/enter-the-gungeon.jpg">
<a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/1868140/DAVE_THE_DIVER/"><img src="/retrocovers/pc/dave-the-diver.jpg"></a>
<a href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/460950/Katana_ZERO/"><img src="/retrocovers/pc/katana-zero.jpg"></a>
